**THIS IS ELISHEBA'S HOMEWORK:-**

QUES.1 What is the difference between flash memory used in pendrive V/s solid state drive? 
ANS.1  Even though both flash storage and SSDs use non-volatile memory, their storage capacities are on two different playing
fields . For reference, SSD storage options start at 120GB and up to 100TB, while flash storage options start as small as 64MB
and only store up to 1TB of data. 

QUES.2 How much content is created on internet in 2023 everyday?  
ANS.2  According to the latest estimates, 328.77 million terabytes of data are created each day ("created" includes data that is
newly generated, captured, copied, or consumed). In zettabytes 0.33 zettabytes everyday.

QUES.3 What other battery available apart from lithium ion batteries? 
ANS.3  Some of the other batteries available apart from lithium ion batteries are Salt, Magnesium, Seawater, Glass batteries,
Fuel cells, Liquid batteries.

QUES.4 Write about Single user OS, Multiuser OS, Timesharing OS, Real time OS, Multi Processing OS, Disbributed OS.  
ANS.4  Single User Operating System: A Single User Operating System is a type of operating system that allows a user (single
user) to perform only one task at a time.The single-user operating system is developed to be used on a single system and to
provide security to the user.

Multi-user Operating System: Multi-user Operating System is a computer operating system (OS) that allows multiple users on
different computers or terminals to access a single system with one OS on it. Examples of Multi-user Operating System are: Linux,
Ubuntu, Unix, Mac OS X, Windows 1010 etc.

Timesharing Operating System: The Timesharing Operating System is a type of operating system in which the user can perform more
than one task and each task gets the same amount of time to execute. It is also called a Multitasking Operating System.

Real time Operating System: A Real-time operating system (RTOS) is an OS that guarantees real-time applications a certain
capability within a specified deadline. RTOSes are designed for critical systems and for devices like microcontrollers that are
timing-specific. RTOS processing time requirements are measured in milliseconds.

Multi Processing Operating System: Multiprocessor operating systems are used in operating systems to boost the performance of
multiple CPUs within a single computer system. Multiple CPUs are linked together so that a job can be divided and executed more
quickly.

Distributed Operating System: A Distributed Operating System is system software over a collection of independent software,
networked, communicating, and physically separate computational nodes. They handle jobs which are serviced by multiple CPUs. Each
individual node holds a specific software subset of the global aggregate operating system.

QUES.5 Find out business softwares available is eduction sector and healthcare?
ANS.5  The best education software in india are:-
1. ProProfs
2. Schoology
3. Google Classroom
4. TalentLMS
5. Litmos
6. Student information software
7. wisenet
Some of the business softwares available in healthcare are:-
1. Electronic Health Records Software
2. Telemedicine software
3. Hospital Management Software
4. Medical Diagnosis Software
5. Personal Health Record Software

QUES.6 Differentiate between a compiler and interpreter.
ANS.6  A Compiler takes a program as a whole while an Interpreter takes single lines of a code. The Compilers generate
intermediate machine codes, whereas the Interpreters never generate any intermediate machine codes.

QUES.7 What are software libraries? How are they useful to programmers?
ANS.7  A software library is a suite of data and programming code that is used to develop software programs and applications.
Software libraries are used to provide pre-written, reusable code that developers can use in their  applications or projects.